we are trying to deploy precision
medicine for male dysplastic syndromes
which are sort of free leukemic syndrome
of blood in which blood doesn't develop
normally and also carries an enormous
Lee increased risk for a kind of
leukemia we're hoping that we will do a
totally different thing we will we will
watch for cancer before it arises we
will annotate those cancers to try to
understand which ones are lethal and and
which ones are not
we will then deploy therapies in
combination to the Achilles heels of his
individual cancers and try to kill them
before they kill us we're starting to
make real inroads against cancer it's
been a long time coming but there's a
real sense that you can attack cancer
sort of like the the blind man and the
elephant sort of attack it in really in
the in the whole gateway I think tends
to tends to be in in in the earliest
phases of of the study where where
things where the trial is very
exploratory so it fits into I think that
crucial part of the ecosystem of of you
know how to how to make medicine come
alive how to make a treatment strategy
come alive you need the entire ecosystem
to work
you